Sts translations refresh (#526)
knocklabs/docs: content/mapi.mdx

[Translations](/send-and-manage-data/translations) support localization in Knock. They hold the translated content for a given locale, which you can reference in your message templates with the `t` Liquid function filter.

> You can retrieve, update, and create translations as well as list all translations in a given [environment](/send-and-manage-data/environments). Translations are identified by their locale code + an optional namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can retrieve, update, and create translations as well as list all translations in a given [environment](/concepts/environments). Translations are identified by their locale code + an optional namespace.
```

Update old URL
